10-28: ran a training loop on pace 318 input-output data. Generated training loss graph.  
10-29: wrote a new model that uses both geometry and input data to predict output, wrote two more model variations - one with convolutional neural networks, another with transformers.  
10-30: generated graphs that show actual vs predicted output for the 22 output features.  

* **LX Update**: Attach the 22 output feature images to here. 
  * Notice, these images should include all testing points (you can use one testing file, such as pace318_test_set).
  * X axis is prediction; Y axis is true values. 

11-4: trained a linear model.  
11-5: linear model was underperforming (probably due to overfitting), so trained variations of input+geometry vs output and input vs output (both underperformed).  


#### Deep Learning-based Aerosol Data Prediction <span style="color:red">High Priority</span>
* [ ] Develop a deep learning model (FNN, CNN, and RNN) to predict aerosol data from polarimeter readings
  * Check this [reference paper](./../../../Reference/pacc-mapp_algorithm.pdf) first to get familiar with the background story. 
  * Training Data is located at [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kr6PP44HHDL2HMxzoLwGjzfSOP5ZAmy1?usp=drive_link) 
  * Training Data includes:
    * pace325_train_set / pace325_test_set
    * pace318_train_set / pace318_test_set
    * For each data in the training set, it includes \['geometry', 'inputs', 'outputs'\], where 'geometry' can be treated as a special input, along with original inputs. 
    * The goal is to design a ML model to predict the outputs based on geometry and inputs. 


* **Task (Due on Oct. 11th) <span style="color:red">High Priority</span>** :
  * [ ] Check this regression tutorials:
    * [Tutorial 1](https://github.com/christianversloot/machine-learning-articles/blob/main/how-to-create-a-neural-network-for-regression-with-pytorch.md)
    * [Tutorial 2](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1w61hXmpM_GNmuNmwkvPBeBTLB6HIy5_c?usp=sharing) 
  * [ ] Fit the tutorial code to process the proposed training data. 

* This can be a conference paper to IEEE SoutheastCon (https://ieeesoutheastcon.org/)
  * The due date is Jan. 15th, 2025
