## 1. Paper Writing
* [ ] **Prepare a draft methodology of paper to illustrate methodology**
    * **Fusion & Navigation**
        * [x] Equation 13 and 14 - The Pr(ps) should be bold meaning this is a vector, not a single variable. These needs to be defined in both olfactory and visual branches.
        * [ ] Add equation: max of Pr(ps\midO) as the target in the exploration section.
        * [ ] Complete the simulation tests. Then it can be a paper.
          * [x] Start with sample run - show olfaction, vision and fusion map for every time step.
          * [ ] For repeated tests: increase the initial locations to cover all possible recheable points in downwind area. Use the 16 points using the entire down wind area.
          * [ ] Use more environments (living room, etc.). In new search areas, use relevant odor sources (fruit smell for fruit tray).
## Real world implementation
* [ ] Figure out how to integrate chemical sensor with the Turtlebot4  
  * [ ] Find examples where people use Turtlebot4 with other sensors (such as examples of people use Turtlebot4 usb ports. perhaps the USB port is the solution. Perhaps the usb port and Power and Read sensor data simultaneously)

## 2. Code Repository
* [x] For all papers you published with me, create a github repository to store its code.
  * [ ] Add readme for all project code. The purpose of readme is to teach a new guy how to use the code (include all the details - hardware, software steps).
  * [ ] Include Dr. Wang as the collaborator for the projects.


## 3. Teaching the Lab
* You need to go through the lab manual before students do the lab.
* Your first class will be at next week. 
