12-16: implemented weighted MSE loss to improve fitting of the first 11 outputs  
12-18: implemented normalization to improve fitting of the first 11 outputs  
12-19: fixed evaluation graphs, adjusted loss weights to match $slope\approx1$  
12-22: implemented sliding window FNN, CNN, RNN  

#### Deep Learning-based Aerosol Data Prediction <span style="color:red">High Priority</span>
* [ ] Develop a deep learning model (FNN, CNN, and RNN) to predict aerosol data from polarimeter readings
  * Check this [reference paper](./../../../Reference/pacc-mapp_algorithm.pdf) first to get familiar with the background story. 
  * Training Data is located at [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kr6PP44HHDL2HMxzoLwGjzfSOP5ZAmy1?usp=drive_link) 
  * Training Data includes:
    * pace325_train_set / pace325_test_set
    * pace318_train_set / pace318_test_set
    * For each data in the training set, it includes \['geometry', 'inputs', 'outputs'\], where 'geometry' can be treated as a special input, along with original inputs. 
    * The goal is to design a ML model to predict the outputs based on geometry and inputs. 


* **Task (Due on Oct. 11th) <span style="color:red">High Priority</span>** :
  * **FNN**:
    * [ ] Generate the diagram of 22 output features: prediction vs ground truth the expected diagram is 45-degree line with slope 1.
    * [ ] Generate the diagram of 22 output features: use x axis as testing data point (0, 1, 2...), and y axis to show both prediction and ground truth with different colors (like the second graph).
    * [ ] If the result is not like that, change model architecture. Don't use the whole training data, use **50% of one chunck** to try model structures.
  * **CNN/RNN Time Series Prediction**
    * [ ] Treat data as time series. Search time series data prediction with CNN/RNN.
    * [ ] [TensorFlow time series tutorial](https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/structured_data/time_series)
    * [ ] Generate the diagram of 22 output features: prediction vs ground truth with expected slope=1

* This can be a conference paper to IEEE SoutheastCon (https://ieeesoutheastcon.org/)
  * The due date is Jan. 15th, 2025
