## 1. Paper Writing
* [ ] **Prepare a draft methodology of paper to illustrate methodology**
  * Search for "LX: " in overleaf. Address my questions and comments.
  Subtitles:
  * An overview: (flow diagram: in-output of infotax and vision branch > fusion) parameters of input-output.
    * [ ] **06-09**: Simple flow chart in the overview. Current one is too complex. **06-11**: Edit the flow chart, follow the vilt paper.
    * **Olfaction branch: source likelihood map**
      * [x] **06-09**: detailed explaination, every parameter needs to be explained. don't jump steps. **06-11** You miss the key equation explanation: convert the concentration to likelihood map eqn 9.
      * [x] **06-19**: Source term estimation seems to fit the equation. understand the thoery and check if we can use this thoery for our paper.
      * [x] **06-25**: Adpat source term estimation to fit our concentration equation.
         * Write equations in full details.   
         * **Our goal**: we need a source probability estimation algorithm without wind information.
         * **06-30**: your code should follow your literature.
         * **07-03**: source term estimation. Find a toy example on source term estimation. Figure out the thoery and then do the step-by-step analysis on OSL.
         * **07-07**: olfaction branch is OK now. In the experiment, start with illustration of olfaction map (at start, at t 10, 20, etc.).
     * **Vision branch: semantic grounding**
        * [x] **07-07**: start vision branch - the main question to answer is how to get the vision probability map. Step 1 details, step 2 details, etc. Use pictures to illustrate each step.
        * [x] **07-10**: draw the flowchart **following the existing code**. Don't make the flowchart too complex. Summarise key steps.
          * [x] **07-23** 3D object position equation explanation
            * [x] **07-28**: all angles use rad no degrees 
          * [x] **07-23** diagrams to explain 3D object position equation explanation
          * [x] **07-28**: for semantic similarity, add a flow diagram & cosine similiarity equation. Explain what's Od, Ob in the text. Add diagonal. Add the equation in writeup, not in diagram. Express the vectors with shape in the diagram. Just keep a symbol for score.
    * **Fusion & Navigation**
      * [x] **07-28**: add a psudo code.
        * [x] **07-31**: remove if else t<4 for initialization - just mention it.
        * [x] **07-31**: change code to np.log2. Check normalization in code and paper - paper will follow code.
        * [x] **07-31**: check all equations against code - every equation should be the same in the code. Search TODO in the code.
      * [ ] **08-05**: key effort: difference of exploration and exploitation stages.
        * [x] Explain the key difference between Exploration and Goal Navigation - have a clear logic flow idea. H_max is the initial stage when the robot has no information of the odor source. With exploration, the entropy decreases. Upon crossing a threshold, the robot proceeds to Goal Navigation and declares source.
        * [x] Make the pseudocode and text font the same for all places.
        * [x] Use d instead of dp for depth values - in text, equations (9) and diagrams.
        * [ ] Equation 13 and 14 - The Pr(ps) should be bold meaning this is a vector, not a single variable. These needs to be defined in both olfactory and visual branches.
        * [x] Equation 12, 15 - where not from a new line after a equation ending with comma.
        * [x] Equation 12: use W_c and W_V, instead of Hw - check if W is used before.
        * [x] Equation 15: use alpha/beta/gamma (single variable) for the fraction.
        * [x] Add the number of rechable cells as a letter (N, ...) above equation 1 after within a three-dim search space.
        * [x] Delete within a three-dim search space.
        * [ ] Add equation: max of Pr(ps\midO) as the target in the exploration section.
        * [x] Delete the explanation of point-goal navigation.
        * [ ] Complete the simulation tests. Then it can be a paper.
          * [ ] Start with sample run - show olfaction, vision and fusion map for every time step.
          * [ ] For repeated tests: increase the initial locations to cover all possible recheable points in downwind area.
          * [ ] Use more environments (living room, etc.). In new search areas, use relevant odor sources (fruit smell for fruit tray).
## Real world implementation
* [ ] Figure out how to integrate chemical sensor with the Turtlebot4  
  * [ ] Find examples where people use Turtlebot4 with other sensors (such as examples of people use Turtlebot4 usb ports. perhaps the USB port is the solution. Perhaps the usb port and Power and Read sensor data simultaneously)  
  * Link 1:  
  * Link 2:  
  * ... ...  
      
## Sample run
* [x] Live demonstration in June 4th 10:00 AM
  * Prepare some demos with Turtlebot 3 or 4.  
  * [ ] Find examples where people use Turtlebot4 with other sensors (such as examples of people use Turtlebot4 usb ports. perhaps the USB port is the solution. Perhaps the usb port and Power and Read sensor data simultaneously)

## Source declaration  
* [x] Develop a source declaration method based on olfactory entropy threshold  
## 2. Code Repository
* [ ] For all papers you published with me, create a github repository to store its code.
  * Semantic Odor Source Localization via visual and olfactory integrated navigation
  * robotic odor source localization via vision and olfaction fusion navigation algorithm  

## 3. Teaching the Lab
* You need to go through the lab manual before students do the lab.
* Your first class will be at next week. 
