### Sensor Paper
* Introduction: highlight vision and olfaction integration
* Related Workds: be organzied. Olfaction-based navigation, Vision and Olfaction intergation in OSL, LLM in robotics
* We need to see progress next Monday.
  * Ask Khan for a copy of his LLM paper.
  * Each block is a sub-section.
    * 09-19: Updated writeup of section methodology and figure of section experiment.
    * 09-19: LX added: your added work worth less then 30 mins. **You need to spend more time in reasearch.**

#### LX Edit on Paper:
* **09-19**: Don't include your brother in this paper (we are not a paper generating company. Your research should be serious, and each author's contribution should be accurate, significant, and unique. You can't add a random guy in the author's list). 
* **09-19**: Current problems:  
  [ ] * Abstract is too simple. The punchline, the integration of vision and olfaction, is not emphasized enough. Why you want to integrate vision and olfaction? What is the motivation? Why you don't integrate olfaction and touch sensing? Secondly, the introduction of your proposed method is too simple. Why you want to use multi-modal LLM? what is the motivation?  
  [ ] * Similar problem for the introduction section. You miss a paragraph to talk about multi-modal LLM. Why do you want to use multi-modal LLM? What unique feature makes LLM fit for the OSL?  
  [x] * Figure 1 miss an arrow between the robot and the sensor block.   
  [x] * Multi-modal, not multimodal. Correct throughout the paper.  
  [x] * An OSL, not a OSL. Correct throughout the paper.  
  [x] * In Section 2, combine section 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3, call it olfaction-based navigation algorithms.  
  [x] * In Section 2.4, you mentioned your own paper. Don't cite it this way. You can say in our previous work...... If you mention your previous work, you need to highlight the difference between previous work and this work.  
  [x] * In Section 2.4, you need to cite other vision and olfaction integrated methods. Such as "A Semantic-Based Gas Source Localization with a Mobile Robot Combining Vision and Chemical Sensing". You need to read more paper to write related works.  
  [x]   *   Rewritten Section 2.2 - it includes discussion and limitation of the other vision-based paper, and novel contribution of this work.  
  [ ] * In Section 2.5, more papers are needed. Start reviewing LLM, Multi-modal LLM, Multi-modal LLM In robotics (one section, don't split them into three sections).  
  [x] * The last sentence in Section 2.5 is too ChatGPT. Re-write it. You need to compare current LLM-based robots and your application.  
  [x] * In Section 3.1, what is the state s? what is the action?  
  [x] * In Figure 2, piont olfaction sensing into olfaction description, point vision sensing into vision frame.  
  [ ] * Grammar issue in Section 3.1. Also, it does not make any sense. What is your environment observed? wind? chemical concentration? Specify them. What is the high-level reasoning? Why do you want to design high-level reasoning? Motivation?  
  [x] * Section 3.2 too short. If a section is too short, merge it with others. Never leave a section with only 3 lines.  
  [x] * Section 3.3 too short. What is the function of System Prompt? what is reasoning objective? action selection instruction? ... ... Be more specific. What are five high-level navigation behaviors?  
  [x] * Section 3.4 too short. How about the vision-based navigation? How do you direct the robot to follow the vision target? What is the surge/casting heading equation? Be more specific.  

* 09-20: updated the methodology section.

#### LX Added:
* Your current contract ends up at **May 31, 2025**. If I don't bring new research money before this date, I don't have the money to support you anymore. 
  
* Bringing research money is not one-man job. You need to work as hard as I am. You cannot enjoy your day while I spin like a spinning top. You need to complete **the assigned research tasks fast**, so that I can write proposals to bring new research money. 

* Learning is self-motivated. Nobody will pay you to learn. 
