#### Sensor Paper
* [ ] Edit the sensor paper based on my comments
  * [ ] Methodology Section needs to be rewritten. 
  * [ ] Check all grammars, short-name usage, figure notations, etc. 
    * Have the draft ready to submit before Friday ~~Sep. 27th~~ -> Oct. 4th. 

30-sep update: worked on methodology section.

**10-01 LX Update**: when you write down daily tasks, be more specific. 

1-Oct update: rewritten the vision-based behavior methodology, added statistical figure, rewritten statistical analysis interpretation, corrected some errors in the methodology and experiment sections.

10-3: went through the paper few times to update the overall writeup, fixed issues in some figures, checked grammar.



#### Deep Learning-based Aerosol Data Prediction
* [ ] Develop a deep learning model (FNN, CNN, and RNN) to predict aerosol data from polarimeter readings
  * Check this [reference paper](./../../../Reference/pacc-mapp_algorithm.pdf) first to get familiar with the background story. 
  * Training Data is located at here
  * Training Data includes:
    * pace325_train_set / pace325_test_set
    * pace318_train_set / pace318_test_set
    * For each data in the training set, it includes \['geometry', 'inputs', 'outputs'\], where 'geometry' can be treated as a special input, along with original inputs. 
    * The goal is to design a ML model to predict the outputs based on geometry and inputs. 


* **Task**:
  * [ ] Find a tutorial in Python that teaches you how to do prediction using FNN, CNN, and RNN. 

* This can be a conference paper to IEEE SoutheastCon (https://ieeesoutheastcon.org/)
  * The due date is Jan. 15th, 2025
