## 11-04
* Pesduo-code:
```
time = 0
while:
    vehicle_status = get_vehicle_status(time)
    environment_status = get_env_status(time)
    behavior = LLM(vehicle_status, environment_status)
    if behavior == "GO":
        GO()
    If behavior == "Follow":
        Follow()
    ...
    time = time + 1
```

* You rely on ChatGPT to generate functions. You need to understand the code. For instance, if there are helper functions, they should be in a separate file. The main file should only contain the main function. 

* [ ] Task 1: I need to see the entire workflow. 
    * The car moves in a loop -> 
    * when the vehicle is approaching a junction (<5m to the junction), you provide an image of the road (**Crop the image to only include the front-facing camera**) -> 
    * Call "traffic_light_classification" -> repeat this function 3 (or 4, 5..) times -> Pick the one with the highest chance -> 
    * If stop, then you check traffic light every 30 seconds -> if go, then go directly, leave the junction. ->
    * Stop decision-making when there is no traffic light (or moves out of the junction). 

* [ ] **Code**:
    * You should create a function called "traffic_light_classification". Input of the function is a front view image (inside the vehicle = driver's view. You can crap the image to keep the top area), the output should be the traffic light condition (green/red/yellow). 
    * Let YOLO detect traffic light (**i need to see this image**) -> Let CNN classify the color (i need to see this result).  

* [ ] Task 2: Use YOLO to detect traffic light, convert traffic light image into text, then ask LLM. 
    * We can also use YOLO to detect signs. (Stop sign) -> convert the detection into text.   
    * **NEW 11-11 HIGH**: try LLM (just provide the driver's view image and ask what is the color for the traffic light)
        * Prepare a image dataset (raw dataset) that contains 
            * Iamges of driver's view at different juctions (the vehicle should stop at the stop line)
            * Each junction contains 6 images (2 green, 2 red, 2 yellow) 
        * Then, prepare a dataset (traffic light dataset) that has been processed by YOLO, which contains:
            * Only traffic light images. 
        * Provide driver's view image/traffic light image to the LLM
        * Provide YOLO detection image to LLM 
    * **NEW 11-11 LOW**: make YOLO effective (fine tune) the model to detect traffic light (only front facing lights).  


