### CycleGAN -> Paper
* [ ] DDPG Application (middle priority)

  * [ ] Train the new code
    * Step function is wrong
    * How to tell an eposide is complete is wrong. 
    * Use the debug function to see what is the model input & output. Think about whether thess inputs & outputs are reasonable. 
    * Why critic network is normaled with 3e-3?
        
### CycleGAN Conference Paper (low priority): 
  * [ ] Write a conference paper (6 pages) for CycleGAN. Use DQN to prove that CycleGAN is working. Submit it to IEEE Southeast Con 2025 https://ieeesoutheastcon.org/. 


### Transformer-based Time-series prediction (High Priority)
* [ ] Develop a transformer model to predict a time-series data. 
  * Check this [paper](./../../../Reference/Polymer%20paper.pdf)
  * Training data is located [here](./../../../../Khan/Polymer_Data/Transformer-based/).
  * Develop a Transformer-based model to predict strain based on temperature and stress. 
    * [ ] Start with Feedforward Neural Network. Develop a FNN to predict strain based on temperature and stress.
    * [ ] Change FNN into Transformer. 


### Graphic Neural Network-based Polymer Prediction (High Priority)
* The dataset is located at [here](./../../../Polymer_Data/Graphic%20Neural%20Network-based/)
* Inside this folder, you will find the following items:
  * Data
    * autoDGEBA271-IPD
      * autoDGEBA271-IPD - 1
        * **Use time, T, Lx to predict Moving Averaged Stress**
      * autoDGEBA271-IPD - 2
        * **Use time, T, Lx to predict Moving Averaged Stress**
      * ...
    * autoDGEBA326-IPD
    * ...
  * SMILES for all SMPs
    * This is the graphic feature of all polymers
  * SMPs visualized
    * This is the sample code to visualize the polymer structures
* **Task**
  * [ ] Start with how to convert a polymer structure into GNN input. 
    * [ ] Find **a tutorial to learn how to train a GNN** (especially for GNN with Polymers).  


