#### Sensor Paper (Due on Oct. 11th)
* [ ] Finalize the paper draft
  * [ ] Check all grammars, short-name usage, figure notations, etc.  
  * [ ] Get the project page ready

* 7-Oct update: updated the project page result image carousels, fixed some issues in the paper.
* **7-Oct LX**: did you complete the sample run recording? 
* **10-07 LX**: Create a new folder in Ph.D._Advising_LX, called **Paper to Read**. Check this folder regularly. Also, if you find a good paper, post it into this folder and make a comment list on its innovation, methodology, and experiment results. 

#### Deep Learning-based Aerosol Data Prediction
* [ ] Develop a deep learning model (FNN, CNN, and RNN) to predict aerosol data from polarimeter readings
  * Check this [reference paper](./../../../Reference/pacc-mapp_algorithm.pdf) first to get familiar with the background story. 
  * Training Data is located at [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kr6PP44HHDL2HMxzoLwGjzfSOP5ZAmy1?usp=drive_link) 
  * Training Data includes:
    * pace325_train_set / pace325_test_set
    * pace318_train_set / pace318_test_set
    * For each data in the training set, it includes \['geometry', 'inputs', 'outputs'\], where 'geometry' can be treated as a special input, along with original inputs. 
    * The goal is to design a ML model to predict the outputs based on geometry and inputs. 

* **Task (Due on Oct. 11th)**:
  * [ ] Check this regression tutorials:
    * [Tutorial 1](https://github.com/christianversloot/machine-learning-articles/blob/main/how-to-create-a-neural-network-for-regression-with-pytorch.md)
    * [Tutorial 2](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1w61hXmpM_GNmuNmwkvPBeBTLB6HIy5_c?usp=sharing) 
  * [ ] Fit the tutorial code to process the proposed training data. 

* This can be a conference paper to IEEE SoutheastCon (https://ieeesoutheastcon.org/)
  * The due date is Jan. 15th, 2025
