#### Sensor Paper (Due on ~~Oct. 11th~~ Oct. 18th)
* [ ] Finalize the paper draft and submit it to MDPI.
  * [ ] 1. Project page: video is not working, code is not updated.
  * [ ] 1.2 Methodology: add brief methods in the project page. Just like paper simple words with some images (not image carousel).
  * [ ] 1.3 Experiment: add brief experiment (two airflow environment, 4 navigation algorithm) in the project page.
  * [ ] 2. Code: upload sample images and olfaction data, upload the working code.
  * [ ] Check all grammars, short-name usage, figure notations, figure size, etc.
  * [ ] Add limitation (**inference time of 3 seconds** that can be reduced by a smaller LLM, small search area) and future works (3-D search, multiagent search, semantic search) in a separate subsection before conclusion
  * [ ] Get the project page ready

* 10-10: project video works: had to record a new sample run for additional data; generating LLM responses; aligning the trajectory map, egocentric frames and run video.
* 10-11: finished the project video, updated the project page, started working on the code page.
* 10-15: updated figure 9, added draft limitation and future work section, started working on the code.
* 10-16: updated the sample run figure with the new trajectory graph and snapshots. Updated the sample run and reasoning output writeups.

#### Deep Learning-based Aerosol Data Prediction
* [ ] Develop a deep learning model (FNN, CNN, and RNN) to predict aerosol data from polarimeter readings
  * Check this [reference paper](./../../../Reference/pacc-mapp_algorithm.pdf) first to get familiar with the background story. 
  * Training Data is located at [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1kr6PP44HHDL2HMxzoLwGjzfSOP5ZAmy1?usp=drive_link) 
  * Training Data includes:
    * pace325_train_set / pace325_test_set
    * pace318_train_set / pace318_test_set
    * For each data in the training set, it includes \['geometry', 'inputs', 'outputs'\], where 'geometry' can be treated as a special input, along with original inputs. 
    * The goal is to design a ML model to predict the outputs based on geometry and inputs. 

* **Task (Due on Oct. 11th)**:
  * [ ] Check this regression tutorials:
    * [Tutorial 1](https://github.com/christianversloot/machine-learning-articles/blob/main/how-to-create-a-neural-network-for-regression-with-pytorch.md)
    * [Tutorial 2](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1w61hXmpM_GNmuNmwkvPBeBTLB6HIy5_c?usp=sharing) 
  * [ ] Fit the tutorial code to process the proposed training data. 

* This can be a conference paper to IEEE SoutheastCon (https://ieeesoutheastcon.org/)
  * The due date is Jan. 15th, 2025
