### CycleGAN
* DQN verificatio
  * [ ] DDPG Application
      * Make sure your DDPG code is correct
      * 09-24 update: I run the code and the result of reward plot and trajectory after training for 100 episodes:
      * 09-26 update: All the action output is 1. what could be the possible reasons for that?
        * Did you normalize input states?
        * One possibility is that your actor network output is too large, so after clip into [-1, 1], the action is always 1. 
          * Check your actor network. What is the activation function on the last layer? 
        * When you plot rewards, always plot runing average rewards (mean of 40 rewards). 
        * Understand the theory behind DDPG, not just try the existing code. https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/algorithms/ddpg.html
        * Find another sample code/tutorial for DDPG (in Pytorch). The current Deep Reinforcement Learning code does not train in episodes. They train in steps. https://github.com/ghliu/pytorch-ddpg   
      * **09-26 LX Updated**: 
        * Write a conference paper (6 pages) for CycleGAN. Use DQN to prove that CycleGAN is working. Submit it to IEEE Southeast Con 2025 https://ieeesoutheastcon.org/. 


### Transformer-based Time-series prediction
* [ ] Develop a transformer model to predict a time-series data. 
  * [ ] Check this [paper](./../../../Reference/Polymer%20paper.pdf)
  * Training data is located [here](./../../../../Khan/Polymer_Data/Transformer-based/).

  * 09-25 update: Read the SMP paper and take notes. link: https://github.com/khanRmahmud/PaperNotes/blob/main/Paper%20Reading/Transformers/polymer_transformer.md
  * Develop a Transformer-based model to predict strain based on temperature and stress. 


### Graphic Neural Network-based Polymer Prediction
* The dataset is located at [here](./../../../Polymer_Data/Graphic%20Neural%20Network-based/)
* Inside this folder, you will find the following items:
  * Data
    * autoDGEBA271-IPD
      * autoDGEBA271-IPD - 1
        * **Use time, T, Lx to predict Moving Averaged Stress**
      * autoDGEBA271-IPD - 2
        * **Use time, T, Lx to predict Moving Averaged Stress**
      * ...
    * autoDGEBA326-IPD
    * ...
  * SMILES for all SMPs
    * This is the graphic feature of all polymers
  * SMPs visualized
    * This is the sample code to visualize the polymer structures
* **Task**
  * Start with how to convert a polymer structure into GNN input. 


