### CycleGAN
* [ ] DDPG Application
    * 09-26 update: All the action output is 1. what could be the possible reasons for that?
      * Did you normalize input states?
      * One possibility is that your actor network output is too large, so after clip into [-1, 1], the action is always 1. 
        * Check your actor network. What is the activation function on the last layer? 
      * When you plot rewards, always plot runing average rewards (mean of 40 rewards). 
      * Understand the theory behind DDPG, not just try the existing code. https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/algorithms/ddpg.html
      * Find another sample code/tutorial for DDPG (in Pytorch). The current Deep Reinforcement Learning code does not train in episodes. They train in steps. https://github.com/ghliu/pytorch-ddpg   

    * 09-27 update: I cheked my old ddpg code, still the same result. Now trying to modify this code that  https://github.com/ghliu/pytorch-ddpg. primary modification is done. Now need to chek the output. 
        
### CycleGAN Conference Paper (low priority): 
  * [ ] Write a conference paper (6 pages) for CycleGAN. Use DQN to prove that CycleGAN is working. Submit it to IEEE Southeast Con 2025 https://ieeesoutheastcon.org/. 


### Transformer-based Time-series prediction (High Priority)
* [ ] Develop a transformer model to predict a time-series data. 
  * Check this [paper](./../../../Reference/Polymer%20paper.pdf)
  * Training data is located [here](./../../../../Khan/Polymer_Data/Transformer-based/).
  * Develop a Transformer-based model to predict strain based on temperature and stress. 
    * [ ] Start with Feedforward Neural Network. Develop a FNN to predict strain based on temperature and stress.
    * [ ] Change FNN into Transformer. 


### Graphic Neural Network-based Polymer Prediction (High Priority)
* The dataset is located at [here](./../../../Polymer_Data/Graphic%20Neural%20Network-based/)
* Inside this folder, you will find the following items:
  * Data
    * autoDGEBA271-IPD
      * autoDGEBA271-IPD - 1
        * **Use time, T, Lx to predict Moving Averaged Stress**
      * autoDGEBA271-IPD - 2
        * **Use time, T, Lx to predict Moving Averaged Stress**
      * ...
    * autoDGEBA326-IPD
    * ...
  * SMILES for all SMPs
    * This is the graphic feature of all polymers
  * SMPs visualized
    * This is the sample code to visualize the polymer structures
* **Task**
  * [ ] Start with how to convert a polymer structure into GNN input. 


